README.md, before:

# SharpOffice #
The purpose of this project is to create a cross-platform open-source Office suite written in C#. The idea is that it should be very modularized for easy plugin creation. Each application will be just a library that when plugged into the runtime will display all necessary features for the program while using the common code base.

I will comment my progress on my blog http://md-techblog.net.pl [Polish]

The suite will be divided into several applications:
* __SharpNotepad__ (for code and quicknotes)
* __SharpWriter__ (text document editing)
* __SharpCalc__ (calculation sheet editing)
* __SharpPresent__ (presentation editing)

The project is using Xwt for GUI rendering. On each platform it will use native solutions (WPF on Windows, GTK# on Linux, Cocoa on Mac).

### Modules ###
#### SharpOffice.Core ####
Core library which holds interfaces for editing logic and plugin support.
#### SharpOffice.Common ####
The common implementations of Core interfaces.
#### SharpOffice.Window ####
This library defines objects that will construct the applications
#### SharpOffice.Window.Runtime ####
This is the main application which given a set of libraries will create a window with all necessary controls and behaviours.

Commit message:

Updated README - added build information.

README.md, after:

# SharpOffice #
The purpose of this project is to create a cross-platform open-source Office suite written in C#. The idea is that it should be very modularized for easy plugin creation. Each application will be just a library that when plugged into the runtime will display all necessary features for the program while using the common code base.

I will comment my progress on my blog http://md-techblog.net.pl [Polish]

The suite will be divided into several applications:
* __SharpNotepad__ (for code and quicknotes)
* __SharpWriter__ (text document editing)
* __SharpCalc__ (calculation sheet editing)
* __SharpPresent__ (presentation editing)

The project is using Xwt for GUI rendering. On each platform it will use native solutions (WPF on Windows, GTK# on Linux, Cocoa on Mac). Because Visual Studio doesn't support nested solutions I referenced the libraries by path.

### Modules ###
#### SharpOffice.Core ####
Core library which holds interfaces for editing logic and plugin support.
#### SharpOffice.Common ####
The common implementations of Core interfaces.
#### SharpOffice.Window ####
This library defines objects that will construct the applications
#### SharpOffice.Window.Runtime ####
This is the main application which given a set of libraries will create a window with all necessary controls and behaviours.

### Building ###

	$ git submodule init
	$ sit submodule update
	$ msbuild Xwt/Xwt.sln	# xbuild on mono
	$ nuget restore		# you'll have to provide path/to/nuget.exe
				# on mono use `mono nuget.exe restore`
	$ msbuild 

Right now the build produces some errors on Mono, I may have to change my testing framework, as well as some other references.
